# The adult in the room
When a parent leaves early, physically, emotionally or both, you don't just end up “alone”.  You end up trained to be alone. Almost as if my parents knew, that sooner rather than later, I’d have to make my own sandwich and iron my own laundry (I begged the iron not to burn the clothes). They showed me off, proud of how much I could do at my young age, and people clapped. They awarded me for my own abadonment, while completely ignoring the fact that I had to grow it like a scar tissue. It wasn’t noble. I wasn’t stoic. I was destined to learn that no one was going to hold the other end of the rope. They didn’t see the weight bending my spine before I could even hold a book.                I was five, maybe. Carrying a heavy basket full of dirty laundry downstairs ready to be washed at 30°. 30… my parents were 30.
I was five. The only adult in the room. 
Even when they were present (which was rare). But when they left, and by that I mean further away, I didn’t get it at first. It was normal for me to be by myself. In a big house, worried if my mother would come back from grocery shopping and checking if the suitcase was still in the closet or if her favorite shampoo in the shower. Hypervigilance. Little-me, if I could go back what would I do instead of ironing at five?
- cooking Barbie a cursed grass-and-dirt omelet
- ironing Barbie’s miniskirt
- washing her hair 
(- let her and her best friend scissor)
The kicker is: even my imagined childhood still involves me taking care of someone else. Domestic chores but make it playful - fold her clothes, she can’t survive if you dont. I’m the adult in the room and parent whatever’s in the room. My survival instincts are so baked in they’re basically genetic at this point. Beat it out of me, please.
By 15 and a half - the age you’re supposed to be worried about exams, crushes and acne - my brain subconsciously worried about how to survive my parents’ vanishing act. And I still do now. I turned my oven pizza while I did my math homework in the bathtub. They turned their backs while I was trying to learn how to swim or ride the bicycle. Children who are too independet at a early age, don’t recognize neglect, they just assume that’s their role and confuse being exhausted with being excessive. My role was parentification wearing a cheap wig washed with a cheap shampoo in the shower. I was the emergency stand-in for 2 adults who never figured out how to carry their own weight and all I can think of now is how badly I want my younger self to lean on me. I have the strength of six shoulders. I built them before I could even build a sense of safety. Please, lean on me, but don’t you dare ask me to lean on you. Don’t you dare ask me to be a dependent dog on a leash sleeping outside in the cold waiting to be fed my own bones. Let me lean on myself until I’m practically folded in half, but please… lean on me too. I want to carry you and the permanent suspicion that anyone who tries to hold me will leave, because six shoulders are too heavy.
But what if you really want to (you don’t have to)?
What if you want to carry me too?
What if the shampoo is in the suitcase, and the suitcase is out of the closet, and the closet is full of unironed and dirty clothes? 
What if you wash MY hair and cook me a blessed vegan omelet? 
(What if we scissor?)
What if I’m not the dog sleeping outside in the cold, but the dog sleeping next to you?
What if you hold the other hand of the rope?
What if … I don’t have to read the room anymore, because there is no parent in the room? 