# You know we love differently, right?
A friend pulled out a game. He said I'd like it. Half-naked woman fighting, framed for hunger. I'd like it, he insisted, because just like him, I'm into woman. Sure we love the same thing, we crave the same creature. But we don't love in the same way, our hunger is not the same.
While he checks if her hair is long enough to grab, to yank back, I'm watching how it looks in the sun, how it glows like a warning. I wan't to free it from the knots he'd leave behind. He thinks of pulling. I think of undoing. 
I watch how her eye-color shifts with the seasons, how she looks at other people. I try to understand what her eyes see and what her soul feels when she finally looks at me.
His gaze drops to her lips, like a butcher. Are they full enough? Is her mouth big, obedient enough? I ask myself the same question, but differently. Is her mouth big enough to speak the things that make her uncomfortable? Strong enough to hold the flood of kisses I keep behind my teeth?
While he's staring at her breasts, I'm looking at her chest and ribs. He wonders if they're big enough. Big enough for him. I'm counting breaths instead of sizes, wondering how many mililitres of air she exhales and how close I'd have to be to breathe the same one.
He studies her stomach next, checking  if it's flatter than his. I imagine how beautiful her belly is when she's sitting down, when the natural folds appear. How beautiful it'll still be someday, worn soft by a child. A child that could never really be mine. How the stretch marks carve little lightning paths I'd trace if she ever let me.
He turns around. "Look at that ass!" I nod. I'm thinking of how often it caught her before she hit the ground. I pray she won't fall for him. I hope she sits on me. The same way I sit on the idea of our love.
"And those legs..." Where have they already carried her? And will they carry her to me at the end of the day? Do they have scars like mine? And will I be allowed to smooth my hand over them when we're sitting side by side?
And now... drumroll.
The hole.
So that's what it is to him. The hole he goes in to feel himself. It's not a hole. It's a cave. With a heartbeat. A cave you find shelter in after you've learned its shape. You don't go through it and come out the other side. It has no end. Only he does. He chooses his finish line while she remains unexplored. He can't look that deeply, I think.
She would prbably tell me not all men think like that. Not all are blind. She'd call his thoughts a figment of my imagination, defending him, you know. Call it projection, poison, anything but truth. And maybe in many cases, love can look similar. I'm sure of that. But one thing is still clear:
No man loves a woman the way a woman does.


By the way, I won the game. I knew how to guide the female character. Because while he smashed the buttons blindly,like a beast in a cage, I learned and listened and found out just how much I enjoy pressing the right ones.
"So.. she's hot, right?"
"Sure. But you know we love differently, right?"


(Wattpad 24.11.2022 - /Taubblindheit/"Andere Weise")